This document sheds light on the allow/deny files for accounts.

There are two files, `allow' and `deny' that give the server
extra functionality when placed in an account's directory.

If you create a file in an account directory named `allow',
hxd will search the file for ip addresses to allow connections
to for the given account. If the ip address of the client does
not appear in the file, the user's connection to the server is
closed.

For example, if you wanted to allow only clients connecting as
guest with the ip address of 10.0.0.4, you should create a file
in `./accounts/guest' named `allow' and put the following text
in it:

@10.0.0.4

Note that IP address begin with the at symbol (`@'). In this
situation, every client attempting to connect that does not
have an ip address of 10.0.0.4 will be disconnected.

You can also specify partial addresses. To only allow people
with an ip address starting with `10.0.0.' to connect, place
this in the allow file:

@10.0.0.*

In this case all clients with ip addresses not beginning with
`10.0.0.' will be disconnected.

Similarily, there is a deny file. Anyone not in the deny file
is allowed a connection to the server. If you want to deny users
with the ip address 10.0.0.4 and allow everyone else (for the
guest account), create a file in `./accounts/guest/' named
`deny' and place the following text in it:

@10.0.0.4

Both of these files when read, will ignore lines beginning with
the number sign (`#'). There can be no whitespace between the
at symbol (`@') and the beginning of the line. The at symbol
(`@') must be the fist character on the line. Similarily, there
can be no whitespace in between the at symbol (`@') and the ip
address.
